=head2 C<project-example>: XtratuM Project example

-I<This example shows the development process from the point of view of the integrator and the partition developers.>

=head3 Partition definition:

This example is a template of the development process under XtratuM. The
example assumes that the partition developers and the integrator have already
agreed about the system configuration, so they have access to the XML
configuration file.

=head4 Partition developers:

The "partition1" directory contains the project of the partition developer.
This directory contains the essential elements to construct a XAL partition.
The input elements are the XML configuration file. Partition developers must
define the configuration on the "partition1/config.mk" file, namely, the paths
to the XtratuM tools for creating a partition and a reference to the
configuration file. The project sources are contained under the directory
"partition1/src". The partition developer may define the directory structrue he
considers for the project sources. At the root directory of the project, there
is a makefile which takes the linked application and translates it to a XEF
file. The linkage of the application has been automatized on this example, but
experienced developers may link their applications as they require, with the
only constraint of confining them into their allocated memory areas (on the XML
file). 

=head4 Dummy Partition development:

During partition development, it can happen that a partition developer
does not have access to the other partitions developed.
And yet partition developers need to test and run their own partition,
in this case the suggested approach is to replace the missing partitions
with dummy partitions that simply spend it's partition time on a endless loop.
This allows each partition developer to work with independence of the other
partition developers.

In the case of dependences between partitions a similar approach can be
followed to provide a dummy implementation of the required dependences.

=head4 Integrator:

After the partition developers supply their linked applications, the integrator
packs all the items: the partition XEFs, the XtratuM core and the system
configuration. This process has been automatized as much as was possible on the
integrator project under the directory "integration". The Makefile of the
project contains all the necessary rules to create a bootable image of the
system, i.e., the resident_sw image. 

=head3 Configuration:

This project is related to the development process and, so, the XML
configuration is out of the scope of the example.  Nevertheless, this example
is ready to be used as far as the paths are correctly defined.

